Interview Logical Question.
---------------------------
1. Reverse a String
2. Remove Duplicate Chars
3. Reverse Each Word in String
4. Find Char Occourrence
5. Find Non repeated char
6. Replace char with occurrence
7. Find Longest Substring
8. Sort String character.
9. Remove whitespace in string
10. Remove special character.
11 WAP to filter out the even numbers from a list of integers using Java streams.
12 WAP to find the sum of all the elements in a list of integers using Java streams.
13 WAP to convert a list of strings to uppercase using Java streams.
14 WAP to remove the duplicate elements from a list of integers using Java streams.
15 WAP to find the average of all the numbers in a list of doubles using Java streams.
16 WAP to sort a list of strings in alphabetical order using Java streams.
17 WAP to find the maximum element in a list of integers using Java streams.
18 WAP to count the number of words in a list of strings using Java streams.
19 WAP to find the square of each number in a list of integers using Java streams.
20 WAP to check if all the elements in a list of strings start with a specific letter using Java streams.
21 WAP to find the second smallest element in a list of integers using Java streams.
22 WAP to group a list of persons by their age using Java streams.
23 WAP to find the average age of male persons in a list using Java streams.
24 WAP to find the longest string in a list of strings using Java streams.
25 WAP to find the product of all the elements in a list of integers using Java streams.
26 WAP to convert a list of strings to a map where the string is the key and its length is the value using Java streams.
27 WAP to find the sum of squares of all the even numbers in a list of integers using Java streams.
28 WAP to filter out the students who have scored more than 80% marks from a list of student objects using Java streams.
29 WAP to sort a list of objects based on a specific attribute using Java streams.
30 WAP to concatenate all the strings in a list using Java streams.
